this video is brought to you by PayPal
helping you seize the season when
holiday gift spiration strikes shop the
globe today there are too many great
shows airing right now to watch them all
but at the very least binge these gems
you know he picked up a smoke detector
and he's using in a band on TV well
that's not you know just yeah you have
to wait and see
welcome to watchmojo.com and today we're
counting down our picks for the top 10
best TV shows of 2017
before we begin we publish new videos
every day so be sure to subscribe for
more great content for this list or
taking a look at the very best 2017 had
to offer the shows don't necessarily
have to have started airing in 2017 but
they should have aired new episodes at
the very least number 10 Legion this is
David
take my hand 2017 brought us a few shows
connected to the x-men universe and the
best by far was the critically acclaimed
legion in addition to dominating the
silver screen this year in Beauty and
the Beast star Dan Stevens also took
center stage on the small screen as
David Haller also known as Legion a
mutant diagnosed with schizophrenia
David is a mystery even to himself each
episode of Legion peels David's psyche
back one layer at a time and the show
manages to be harrowing thrilling and
empathetic at the same time this series
from Fargo creator Noah Hawley
definitely stands out from the crowd
with its surreal atmosphere and Kubrick
esque stunning visuals good job number 9
Rick and Morty here's something that's
never happened before I'm a pickle on
pickle rag with its long-awaited third
season this animated cult classic
revealed no signs of becoming any less
hilarious or thought-provoking hardcore
fans were ecstatic when the season
premiere dropped unexpectedly on April
Fool's Day and what might be the show's
most creative run yet Rick and Morty
expanded upon its already immersive
universe with superhero team ups deleted
memories and an unsettling trip to the
Citadel even Rick turning into a pickle
was delivered with badass results we can
only hope this series will last for at
least nine seasons with enough Szechuan
sauce to go around that's what this is
all about
that's my man I'm not driven by avenging
my dead family Morty that was fake
number 8 big little lies it all goes
back to that incident on orientation day
another root of it was Madeleine
McKenzie this adaptation of Liane
Moriarty's novel had audiences fixated
on the television every week and
chatting up a storm at water coolers the
next day the story follows several
families that have seemingly perfect
lives but trouble lurks in paradise
while jean-marc vallée sharp direction
and David E Kelly's darkly comedic
writing were integral to the show
success it's the all-star ensemble that
made this material spring to life reese
witherspoon
shailene woodley and laura dern show off
some of their best work but the MVPs are
Nicole Kidman and Alexander Skarsgard
with their disturbing portrayal of
domestic abuse after winning eight Emmys
there's already talk of a second season
number seven better call Saul
bachelor butters Lisa the valley Oh
believe it when I see it tell me
better call Saul has evolved into
something much more than a Breaking Bad
spinoff it's a fascinating character
study in its own right that redefines
what a legal drama can be in season
three Jonathan banks and Rhea seehorn
once again turned in strong supporting
performances while Giancarlo Esposito
finally returned as Gus fring man
cleanest room we have out for waves I
know it's been in worse places
however the driving force behind this
season was the relationship between Bob
Odenkirk Jimmy and Michael McKeen's
Chuck much like Walter White and Hank
Schrader the audience wasn't sure if
they should side with the crooked con
men or the man of law their sibling
rivalry reached its boiling point in the
episode chicanery one of 2017 s most
riveting hours of television do you have
anything else no nothing further
number six stranger things
while the episode chapter7 admittedly
slowed the narrative down bitches
bitches season 2 of stranger things was
an otherwise stellar follow-up to its
game-changing predecessor in this
sophomore season the duffer brothers
expanded upon the dark inventive world
they've created while also dishing out
plenty of nostalgic throwbacks of course
it's the timeless characters that have
made this series special these nine new
episodes not only furthered several
character arcs it also introduced a few
welcome newcomers like Mad Max the show
even explored several dynamics audiences
never knew they wanted to see Dustin and
Steve mic sound like an odd pairing but
their bromance is one for the ages oh
and best of all barb got some overdue
justice barbara Holland who died due to
exposure to an experimental chemical
asphyxiant which had leaked from the
grounds of the lab number five master of
none you know at a time where I love
what does it mean well really yeah just
well cool work Aziz Ansari has evolved
into a truly gifted actor and
storyteller master of none which he
co-created with alan yang went to some
unexpected places in season two
while the storyline primarily remained
focused on devs loved life the
showrunners weren't afraid to shift
attention to supporting players like
Denis who came out to her mother Angela
Bassett in the emmy-winning episode
Thanksgiving this particularly ambitious
episode took the main cast out of the
equation shining the spotlight on
several characters we'd never seen
before and may never see again the only
thing better than binge watching this
show would be binge eating some of devs
delicious pasta keep practicing your
English very bad
allora number 4 Twin Peaks the return
I'll see her in Incheon she have ears in
the final episode of the original Twin
Peaks series Laura Palmer tells Special
Agent Dale Cooper that she'll see him in
25 years the fact that Showtime brought
this cult show back in 2017 is either a
giant coincidence or the most ingenious
example of foreshadowing ever over the
past decade we've seen several shows
that were prematurely canceled get a
second chance it was a dream come true
when Twin Peaks the return was
officially announced and David Lynch and
co-creator Mark Frost did not disappoint
this 18 episode limited series remained
true to its predecessor with a
mystifying narrative structure bizarre
imagery and subtle humor dougie Jones
number 3 Game of Thrones
do you believe me not again do you
believe we have a reason as much as
haters like to nitpick that convoluted
plan to capture a white Walker deep down
everyone knows that Game of Thrones was
friggin awesome this year the
penultimate season of HBO's epic fantasy
series saw Cersei Daenerys and Jon Snow
at the height of their powers the iron
Thrones top competitors found a common
enemy in the night King however with the
fate of Westeros hanging in the balance
alliances were made families reunited
romances blossomed hearts were broken
loyalties were tested revelations were
revealed and of course fan favorites
died we all have our own theories on how
the series will end but one thing is for
certain the walls have come tumbling
down
and the snows fall and the white winds
blow the lone wolf dies but the packs
number to the leftovers you're insane
there's a glass in your hair despite
being one of the most critically
acclaimed shows on television the
leftovers failed to gain much traction
either with audiences or major awards
groups nevertheless the show's third and
final season solidified this drama
status as an unsung masterpiece when it
debuted viewers probably thought they
were just gonna get a show about the
rapture as the story unfolded though it
became clear that the leftovers was
something much more profound a show
about how society responds to tragedy
and how we're all searching for a
greater purpose in this crazy world
above all else it was a beautiful love
story with Justin Theroux
and Carrie Coon both delivering
powerhouse performances I believe you
and since it was an especially strong
year for TV here are several honorable
mentions all of my heroes are being
tortured yes I'm afraid so
if a list of hannover hot mom seems dumb
to you you're not wrong but Sam does
these mini sad investigations from time
to time they usually end up on the
cutting room floor
now we have extreme violence between
strangers where do we go when motive
becomes elusive the other night I
followed you like you asked me to he
snuck out of the apartment around 2:00
a.m. and met up with Angela
she knew it was him ever wonder what
it's like for them to be objectified
jerk tofu
you got a slowdown kid just beginning
from Brooklyn
it means treating a person as a thing
number one The Handmaid's Tale
welcome to the friggin loony bin right
while netflix and amazon have left their
mark in this golden age of television
hulu became the first streaming service
to take home a series prize at the
Primetime Emmys The Handmaid's Tale not
only won Outstanding Drama Series but
also awards for writing directing and
acting as well and we can't think of a
more deserving honoree as few shows
haunted and enthralled audiences in 2017
quite like this tour de force Elizabeth
moss gives the performance of her career
as a fertile woman forced to become a
concubine The Handmaid's Tale uses its
dystopian sci-fi to deal with horrifying
realities from our own world making it
an important viewing experience under
his eye under his eye
[Music]
this video has been brought to you by
PayPal this holiday season at millions
of online retailers shop the globe today
do you agree with our picks check out
these other great clips from WatchMojo
and subscribe for new videos every day